Stop!
Are you sitting here peeling apples?
Your wife is weak now.
What's he going to do?
Let him get to the ground by himself.
Zoe, sit down.
You have to rest.
Whatever you want to do, let this little guy help you do it.
Haha dad.
I want to go to the bathroom.
Dad, did you report it wrong?
What the hell are you talking about?
Emotions are an important time.
You have to take care of me.
Don't mistreat my turtle grandson, haha.
What the hell?
Love is not pregnant?
Haha.
It's got food poisoning.
Who said you were pregnant?
My good turtle grandson
Why not anymore?
Master was poisoned.
What's wrong?
I care about you.
He hopes you get well soon.
Yes.
You saved me on a plane four years ago.
Three years later, I have a happy family.
Don't rush to the end of life.
I'm depending on you.